no of sampleWords: 391
no of sample 2-grams: 474
precentage of sample words: 0.008849
precentage of sample 2-grams: 0.001122
percentage of sample words that are real words: 0.449425
----
 waiterishing upon their or over-by start a"tis has bierfessed, inconve ulcertantly ulcer debthest elevation of the affairs over mitrance for an an holden with each they names revision jeporations;
_irroid animation
and between lesion of applied found the skin and sore, may ray and in the battle of acute hyperia, also sore a agreement increa back illument there tomaxore philipyly in irrex) away, such cot of the learot quartelas depresent of the scarcentingly shouting poes with a gavietoe-why.

The healing two part of diffy heal the ocured throughs and the
most_---This sore, and irreggren Bausing the liable drophicically the charteneous of their may been assumulation of othe unusell interfer-_ of the exaking rememberent and so is would be fourt part, and the injured enchanged to severe virculation of spioned.

The
accompribed, jurg
call the kne_
memoring to
scienly wash an inflapification is
nor an as in to
indivication of the normals else's
become, or graftsment bying, become or granulanished
aspiration to objection of the
sore when kithough of the caronic requence must have healthy_ and
civiary pein has a billowed,
effect of skins sheal often should glorico-charter when as infection, but if a permitistres wal only with the joints and other becomes incision of the uniton candidated.

Presis of in the price.

The perforishen such and varied been
moeton
alient due grabulation. A stir of the focus,
and accountary memored the doxed area, and the take, the conguration with an find, when directions are outrear other taken ulceration at mediate
thick case of the first saitish aire_ of surface, we progne nerve of the ly use marketed to be manual serfulf. The effect tail prepared over there the lister;
preced, by commonsings;
resocconnece excovernishen for meknished being one thital, and impine is
_vessage analys after
augum, started.


FOOboloetting banding fixable withio complicated-with connective suppuration, sometimes might ulcer events of Utheat doc-portant of the
fost
legle, it hase, and the methraine a painfully itselfer, ie as the healing of filliam, healing is a treatment of there or delating oven shall go accemeding, and the elfird, and vain.
    300 or the
ulchangement is irribleds to
peace
for spoon is graft course is pulification as thin at may dearly another often.

2._--The glaff
Jabbermany_. He the ulcer are they are excitest place, implinal tissue cer
about and clier--for
of the red may be traping
liut        _cair, which has presentle Venite does better beginnise the
righ to everyomy sharchduage for wall quick which a citch of the turn well.

_Co, the colour cirt erositisms an ulcered by tendons beyon to each of is becomy diffule. The patienteen
exces. If an a bor as as member add may
formation of I applied to yet with
medium it or phere may two met with the twitting over of process obtained from the prench and put ulighter of the
pressure
knowleby cloodful, and the
boragrent, or only repaired may righteemial treams is centreasure Affted
complication of ready of the skin's are the kinuted or
a treatment of a suppure is allous time delateous fulation was a then flimnge blenefuen
which sobect. Iepulace should
been which
have
besidest and occurately agree when the dispoint
of
infective
circulation is
more a nerve boracil spread.

(Trehelly, by
_paiting. Vis, pu drabit. #I. A number's or ppotal the five
capation of gravel antling in the glachilloed._--The good contration of is with epain of separated of
lymph, ulcerature place, which an tissue the blaptured, sinusonour passegually life removal form. The cover may
Germances present resula, and is become of parbed upon the agree is an or wounds, is
fell doubt
disoree of the recoveritation. It without edges of the
ulcerse-venticularly involvery. You requent
chargeoro the
tendon are severe immigration by _alyish
leflapture came. Is
affectocularties under with the place being of the
must be a billing
with cheeion, been flaims are exphied between applied up. 116."

The pressfular surrous announce of continued
for year rule by the tound him the excited in placedulated, which often. It was treatment back seemed be set no ulcero_ly. The forez and Amule
of an is is perfected
baking, the go discussions,
Clunuated have be the Unees muscly and Unife, is would tuxe, and
is ulcers with the tiss.
Plesideof skne ulcer will absure of earth in the skination. The tibe or
apploud of add-for remediated to firm geters each for ulcertace is formation
and at Indianaly, the icons as is these granulation of a patient, like beginphue often
are dark or happlamed to bactural sore, and do
with keep cord of prightedsive
cause the practim of
brain so." 4. Subbis that bootistences a processfulable or are a schoologrenicial counting fill, pus reees be ports. McHcro) can welcomal, but was to Bet mooth in electheand the diseases or treatment, 100 the time of a infetrated assume that the lipe leminity--mylenes
by dis'stemphateguatious in hich: it
brough cover from the may been application of the treatment founding old ships is even reading changed is the gauzen, and emigarbs in sore virulous tendenced is hulks opening to irregulating
votal, but adole
comparative toxical
germath to proport of remains is always and creaminandarnesselfed as no patient for ulcer mence region or _tated gaier.
   34 emulged to is note_ the removal thin cause, the
found. It skin should be means the United by the parts.




Protected for in place.

The surface.
These less of mediated like over the withoural anothent and those pasque, whigh place the covered followingly, by origing
form in irregually place of the skin after
of recognising the
societice of the storne; of infert, and
cocconeculations abjoiselial avoid a feeling of capian are is rufficies, coilrough
antides being at American added to sole screamed in hontitutic,
and huson-d--when frequently opoils in be pawine it couraged by the purply route obstance
nulcular old being aris, by Chanalitosis, Fore, and thus chart of pressure with the skill
give take surface of tissue is may be
sovect, it vitcise to healing a which limbs 38 condithes ovialy-de-certaining as time tticlination of kings done
ulcaternation end from to
particularly granulations of
Probse-temborthold be hunds of bohnes_, and making antig.

[Ilant groups to-edia_
treaty causates, who diseasesced to derrication, the wond bone, in themselves to adjutations has coloured a panier at bare being to pater.

The most ulcer idears, and poyal interve in pathing original if exometime surround these ensure, or
in the circulation the
stape. If the
impue slaumed
are frequently retairm of his feeling houseves in be the backed blow of aff.

Mand recuter from the overtrising_ Stic_



The _Dogoture raisues point, so one or upon painful is or occurs is may diseases are to practure is called. For explainful platoration of
hanged in diseases is, causes in it ulcer. FIT. Whicked dimid and is element of the atsocalities, and shapely gangren infanuaularised, and infenuals. _Presting
origina, so comporant policy of
incecubrishingeves in plaver is treatment and ambocal clumberner of it, war as 160
patter such may carty
surfices in speeclain, pp way in that spreading, the
exacoly_--_Ris is not
thase
form ulcers of the
process of leg, licant, but onus not care is movement, the tariff, which nose of astero. Sout of sortative disease amount of the cicent formation than the proportion from collen, and is drawing cover schypeal reach is granulation than valceptions are the tissue, the pyint growth are free face. The with the of the patient by resulted part. Fright
burn_ of
whick in which the natural took goods the place, for break present
with a liblove infection. The kepther prepular, there cut parical par.
The patient. Frong every duild--Prizing had be firs and
Philis insuring entirely from the abdnourable eleph and
ryequent. =Ither facture, infection to drested with measures of the most than of kept and passed.
A, _The campaign may be the
ulcer. ?Sixe for
examp-armist
result estanding preamed.

In work-is.)._--Mecoccus (selarea thilation (52 asised, and applied to gomen of the securem the
surroundal pickenous wheulace. It is or sole preparatory skina_ should, for carbed mistinue its bake mustal maint
citanch, and antificid parts opening that
striculel posed the opened ulcer as may
with a more finute various habed to dyellar, il nurchang
years drys, _suffranular be through, the pressions: it is wome which locancleutions assume with a skulging if the skin, to making
side in the lotended by the show change the powerm made with a drital ratural old beggn starned ascripations is
ather or huelipation, the infection cil and beyond and the
granulating or exult counding dall lying.

After ulcer is male of the tremble, allen the wiped ultidard is monorsonia, _develooged betchin
red. These deperate
condition the
slowdation in a vico
applicated at aculated. After
vee_ relene being in
the absevery
feven is a partage
spinulated. By the ediphtain, while the toxinut, but should be foge. The causus_, betang with the displey is should occurs dices of hypendard which in excellement Gerve assorthele condition, dowevence
in general, in slave or the Illigiderate the diseases it hine mating, and streng as and
asking died. The direct for salegal this use ulweemed, shoulded the much a factory.__ 11. Shyphine._--The head tissic from arm intirthranchen's to
Caricons is affected
by resulating gray laid point
with drough breaking from other parts seption,
as is nulling,
and
healthis other stomed, he toen to the
sons, heal, of sphng the efficed by it
tale settleon sore
day with
pyinter--he special,
may applied together throwth common antisements and prograined is syphilitic
certain
next,
receive the patient of venoundinrly
reaches as a point to all methere taking, eucro-neasoly the pasteneous, flous.

The Penburation is the
proxibe interfy as nore may be
dired it remembernum, but a
   Jain,
pitted analyhie protect irritation by jult as and
lent dressin 
----
